billionaires they've got it all
monumental properties playthings vast
piles of disposable income so what could
possibly go wrong when you're very
wealthy you you have to choose your
friends very carefully
our people just after your money do they
see the genuine person behind the wealth
the problem for billionaires though is
as old as the hills
is it me she likes or is it my bulging
wallet all you have to do to make
millions overnight is marry a rich man
and then divorce him and take his money
money can't buy you love but it can help
you hire a matchmaker
membership fees range from approximately
15,000 up to 300,000
and a lawyer I said do you love her he
said yes and I said do you trust her
well he said let's just say there will
be a prenup
they have prenups they have mid nuts
they have postmarks they have all it's
all it's already all contractually
arranged oh yes billionaire love and
marriage goes together like divorce and
disparage man will marry and they'll be
taken to the cleaners and they marry
again and be tamed
don't even think about getting married
- love is definitely possible if you are
very very rich but not if you base your
relationship on your status as a rich
person
love is a battlefield even for the mere
mortal and the billionaire has so much
more to lose
London is billionaire central
105 of them called the UK home they can
buy anything they want but the one thing
they want for free can have a very high
price tag that is to love and be loved
choosing a partner is the riskiest
investment they will ever make because
the city streets are paved with gold
diggers if you have something that other
people want you will create atmosphere
of envy and that's what they live with
whose we or who isn't it's a nightmare
because they can never really trust
anybody
they're always feeling that they might
be exploited by gold diggers or people
who don't think they're gold diggers but
actually turn up to be gold diggers in
the end 89 percent of those with a net
worth of over 100 million pounds are men
so the odds of success favor female gold
diggers most of the overnight
millionaires in the UK are women who
married rich men and within five years
you know walked away with 50 million
men being men they are attracted to a
good-looking girl for them it's
equivalent to a woman having a
particular designer luxury handbag you
know they're if they're major accessory
is what they have on their arm following
a few top tips can make becoming a rich
man's arm candy a piece of cake you do
have to look good but less is more and
to look elegant is more important and
you just show it or you know have
everything on display if you want to now
you know a male super-rich man the first
thing you do is you have to hook him on
sex and when a man is absolutely
deliriously you know sexually high he's
unlikely to ask for any sort of
financial arrangement because it might
put you off sex immediately you do need
to have a certain amount of intelligence
so you do need to read the newspapers or
keep up but at the same time don't keep
giving your opinion always be a good
listener because if you're a good
listener and always agree to everything
well you get on a lot better with men I
find rather than having a two-way
dialogue conversation flirting thinking
how they can make the other person feel
good they're often only able to talk
about themselves there's one way the
super-rich man can guarantee a beautiful
woman will hang on his every word reward
her there are plenty of websites
designed to help you can have all the
money in the world but if you don't have
anyone to share it with what's the use
you use seeking arrangement for the
billionaire's all you've got to do is
click a couple of buttons and voila
you've got your ideal woman seeking
arrangement is one website that offers
to bring together 700,000 sugar daddies
and 2.6 million sugar babies
Oh sugar daddy is usually an older man
who works as a CEO executive clearly has
additional income to spend on a
relationship and a sugar baby is usually
a young ambitious woman who is looking
for financial assistance or nice gifts
from a man to kind of advance herself to
afford herself the same lifestyle that
he has the guys on these sites are very
worldly you know they've traveled I
don't think I'm asking for too much a
hundred thousand minimum I'm fed up with
this ground young men and the layabouts
and the guys that were really not
ambitious former sugar baby Helen
Croydon used seeking arrangement for
three years there's a tacit agreement
here that it is the girl who's going to
slot into the man's busy life they can
say things such as you know I only want
to see you during the weekends which i
think is a very honest way of saying I
haven't got the time or the emotional
capacity to invest in a full-time
conventional sort of relationship lot of
the guys will offer you know luxury
gifts a perfume or designer handbags
could be shopping trips and help help
with your rents as well the nicest gift
I received and has to be this Cartier
diamond ring but presents from super
rich men can shift to cold cash I
remember there was one man and it always
insists on buying me something fabulous
and I didn't really need anything more
and I'd always go and take it back and
then just keep the money I'm having he
eventually realized I did this and he
said oh god why did we say I'll just
give you the money the form of financial
assistance usually comes in a monthly
allowance and the average monthly
allowance is about three thousand pounds
one day I did accept cash and you know
two years actually of me
questioning the morals of that and
thinking oh my gosh girls like me don't
do this
has been quick to judge these
relationships and say that oh well all
these billionaires are just paying for
high-class prostitutes for an escort you
pay them to leave for sugar baby you're
paying them to stay but our sugar baby
is just expensive arm candy or is the
more involved in keeping a rich man
sweet I think just like anyone else they
had a need a little romantic need to
spend some intimate time with one person
sex is part of that it's not about
having sex with somebody and getting
paid for it it's about providing a
certain relationship and having the
chance to share their wealth it was one
man who I had dinner with once and he
said that the reason he had these sorts
of compensation relationships was
because it was cheaper than getting wife
coming up so nice to meet you how the
services of a matchmaker can save the
billionaire bacon if you're sitting
across the room from a gold-digger
trust me they tell you that they want a
man with money so it's very easy for us
to screen how it gold diggers and just
married subject to contract of course
for the super-rich it can be incredibly
important to have a prenup it's not
exactly Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers
romance time we're talking serious legal
agreements it's the one thing that makes
you feel absolutely sure that your being
married for love thank you billionaires
can buy pretty much anything they want
except the big one true love yes gold
diggers and sugar babies flocked to date
them expecting their gift and hoping to
marry them perhaps but real love is
elusive
it's no wonder that some billionaires
are prepared to spend hundreds of
thousands of pounds on the services of
matchmakers to keep ne'er-do-wells at
arm's length if you're sitting across
the room from a gold-digger trust me
they tell you that they want a man with
money so it's very easy for us to screen
out gold diggers
based in San Francisco CEO amber
Kelleher and her team helped the
super-rich both men and women stay safe
while searching for love they can't go
online because once you put who you
really are you can be searched
immediately you can go on to Google you
can find out someone's income to not
work with a professional matchmaker is
is it's it's a no-brainer we have two
new holy clients that are on hold
together and exploring a relationship so
the billion dollar question how much
does it cost to keep gold diggers at bay
the membership fees range from
approximately 15,000 up to three hundred
thousand it depends on how many offices
you want working for you how many
countries you want we have ten thousand
on average people apply per year and we
work with 200 of them we have a
phenomenal woman that's come on board
she was referred by one of our most
important relationships
Amber's small carefully selected client
base has equal numbers of men and women
but although women make up just 10% of
the global super-rich they represent 80%
of those applying to be taken on by
Amber that could be very shocking maybe
for people to hear you think my goodness
don't you work for all the wealthy men
we would if they were smart enough to
call us but this is Carolina and how do
you how do you pronounce your last name
so that I don't complicated Karolina so
Jack what are two things that you can
share with us that you're excited about
Carolina is a former professional tennis
player who started a couple of
businesses and then invested very wisely
sometimes I'm wondering if the men that
I'm dating are more interested in you
know what I'm worth or some of the
contacts that I may have you know
there's always that wonder if they're
interested in you for the right reasons
it may be deemed socially acceptable for
a super rich man to marry a beautiful
younger and poor a woman but it's not
for a super rich woman to do the same
so the Pugh
potential partners is significantly
reduced is it that we know the gentleman
first it appeals to you or just the fact
that maybe you're no longer in charge of
your dating life and we're taking over
Carolina is joining an elite matchmaking
Club that's even more exclusive well we
have what's called the CEO Club and just
ten people per year are able to become
part of this elite group and they pay a
hundred and fifty thousand to be part of
the group and then there's a success fee
that matches that 43 year old David
Boyer is someone amber is thinking about
inviting into the CEO Club he made his
millions working for McKinsey and eBay
so nice to meet you now with great
financial stability he's looking for a
long-term laughs well clearly I'm
looking for somebody who's fine and
funny and attractive and intelligent and
who when I talked to them actually they
get a sparkle in their eye it's it's the
best friend that I'm looking for
the wing tip an exclusive social club
with a boutique attached is just one
place
amber takes her top clients
well if you're an elite client and you
join the CEO club or I personally work
with you I'll be at the TED conference I
will be at Sundance I will be having
private events on Necker Island I am
always looking for that special someone
that could be a perfect match for my
client and the client determines what
the level of success is it's not just
necessarily about that marriage
certificate billionaire means riding off
into the sunset with the one the first
making sure the paperwork's in place
before any peeling of wedding bells all
you have to do to make millions
overnight is marry a rich man and then
divorce him and take his money I think
the advice that I would give to somebody
who is spectacularly wealthy who's
living here is don't even think about
getting married
vulnerable divorce lawyer Raymond tooth
known as jaws fights for the wives of
the rich and famous
I say this and I hope I don't get any
hate mail the fact is that the best
career for a woman is to marry the
wealthy man without a prenup I mean
there was a famous case where a man was
worth of about 20 odd million managed
last three years no children she came
into it with nothing and ended up with
five million quid five million quid
tax-free
billionaires who want to avoid being the
get-rich-quick scheme for prospective
wife or husband need a prenuptial
contract a legal agreement that
determines how the wealth will be
divided if the marriage goes to popped
they're also handy for preventing
arguments about which partner gets to
keep tricky woo and in one case even
dictated the final destination of a
taxidermied horse for the super-rich it
can be incredibly important to have a
prenup because it's the one thing that
makes you feel absolutely sure that
you're being married for love I serve
our dag is a top lawyer known as the
diva of divorce in 2010 she won a
landmark case that strengthened UK
prenups and brought them inline with
Europe and the rest of the world
so as she marries for the second time
she's practicing what she preaches the
happy couple have already gifted
themselves a prima
you both wanted to organize our Affairs
through that in the event that we passed
it what we had built up beforehand was
safeguarded for our children from our
previous lives like all blushing brides
and grooms their wedding day is a
celebration of pure and undeniable love
and there's a lawyer's flourish to to be
really really sure their prenup is
watertight they are signing it
posting up in front of all their guests
there are lots of things that people
didn't want to talk about money they
didn't want to talk about problems they
want to sweep lots of things under the
carpet having gone through and dealt
with all of that we felt made our
marriage much stronger thank you so that
was why we have the year the postnup
then and there along with the the cake
really to celebrate the fact that our
marriage was very much a partnership of
equals but when it's not a marriage of
equals prenups can have a nasty habit of
accelerating divorce if you start
analyzing what is going to happen when
your marriage breaks down you kind of
almost inject into your marriage a kind
of death wish I had a client recently
he's met a younger woman he's been
divorced I said do you love her he said
yes and I said do you trust her well he
said let's just say there will be a
prenup so you have all the lawyers come
in already before you've even started
the relationship dividing out who would
have what and you're only getting this
so you know if you do this if you're
unfaithful you're not going to get it
you know it is all mapped out before and
I just think that if they go to romance
now the windows in the billionaire world
hanging on to your riches often means
jettisoning the chance of romance
not for American comic Roseanne Barr she
was so in love with Tom Arnold before
their 1990 wedding that she fired her
attorney for suggesting she sign a
prenup when the couple divorced four
years later
Arnold left with 50 million dollars but
if love doesn't last forever neither it
seems the prenups General Electric CEO
Jack Welch's prenup had a sunset clause
which meant that after 10 years the
prenup was invalid as soon as this
clause came into effect his wife Jane
took off with 150 million dollars
but most of the time with a prenup in
hand the billionaire is reasonably safe
to put a ring on his fiance's finger
without chancing his arm coming up the
breathtaking weddings of the super-rich
there was a wedding recently where the
total dress fit was 16 million pounds
few weeks ago we did a wedding where 450
guests the bride wanted 13 wedding cakes
and the heart come down as the reality
of being married to the hyper wealthy
takes hold what I usually see is that
nobody is good enough things are not
perfect enough and the amount of
unfaithfulness not just by men by women
is extraordinary if a billionaire
believes they finally found a
trustworthy mate it's time to show off
their success with an extremely
extravagant wedding but impressing your
billionaire peers can be hard work we
have Brides now wanting to get married
at the top of a volcano and actually
flying their guests up there or getting
married on a glacier and actually
getting their guests transported by
private jet to glass ears there's almost
this one upmanship that's going on was
pretty much nowhere left where somebody
hasn't got married I've ever heard of a
bride recently they literally hide the
whole nervous I for the weekend the
Vatican all the famous museums on top of
mountains you know everywhere has been
done brian recommends couples put aside
a year for their wedding preparations
time to safely complete 44 key tasks for
the super-rich
there is almost no end to the demands
one wedding that I heard of recently
which I thought was absolutely
phenomenal was they actually installed a
perspex layer into a lake so all the
guests could actually walk on water
we might get a request for something
slightly different like an entire
orchestra for example or a ballet for
example which has happened on two or
three occasions you have everything from
elephants to flamingos to penguins and
I've heard of a wedding recently where
they literally dressed up a troupe of
horses as unicorns sometimes it's about
holding people back you know it's not
appropriate to arrive on an elephant in
the middle of London the biggest show of
all is the wedding dress there was a
wedding recently where the bride herself
and all her bridesmaids all farrowing
bespoke and the total dress bill was 16
million pounds as the average price of a
London home is half a million pounds
these dresses would buy 32 addresses in
the capital the super-rich certainly
have their cake and eat it I think one
of the most incredible cakes I've ever
made was an 18 tier cake the cake ended
up being about eight foot tall it had
about 10,000 sugar flowers on it
so and that involved um six people
working constantly on that cake for a
month
the most expensive cake we have ever
commissioned cost us nearly 46,000
pounds may need to do with the fact that
we flew the cake maker and
to another part of the world we've
certainly used edible 24 karat gold a
number of times on our cakes
it really doesn't taste of anything and
it's just very decadent I think it's the
the sheer opulence of it the fact that
you can eat gold so cakes are worth
their weight in gold but they're cheap
compared to the cost of hiring a
platinum selling superstar Enrique
Iglesias for example we were asked to
get him on a Monday for a wedding on a
Friday I heard recently that Michael
Buble played at the wedding for a
million pounds the demand for these for
these performers has gone up their price
has gone up so it's now stratospheric
money and then when they turn up they're
not going to do two outs they're gonna
do 20 minutes it's hard work being a
guest at a super rich wedding now there
are weddings that are lasting HD 7 to 10
days for involving
you
thousands and thousands of guests
several
feasting those can be quite challenging
because the man's they can be quite
tiring for guests because eating
fabulous food and gorgeous champagnes
and eating lots of seafood and caviar it
can get quite weary for people but there
are rich pickings to perk up the guests
who can expect a little more than
sugared almonds
there was a groom and bride who wanted
to do an amazing gift and they gave each
one of them a Rolex watch and so the
Rolex watch was incorporated into each
of the bouquets were these 500 female
guests I think the most opulent or
extravagant gift we've ever seen given
was a small wedding for a group of
Asians
22 of them I think and they were all
given the keys to a car 18 thousand
pounds is the cost of an average British
wedding for billionaires that could be
the cost of just one goodie bag I think
you could take the Kim Kardashian
wedding and actually triple that times
it by 10 and I think even still not get
anywhere close to what the super-rich
are doing right now Kim Kardashian's
wedding to Kanye West is estimated to
have cost 10 million dollars it would
have taken eight of these to add up to
the most expensive wedding of all time
as far back as 2004 Vanisha Mittal and
Armit Bhatia managed to spend 78 million
dollars
twelve Boeing Jets were hired to fly
guests from India to France festivities
went on for six days but after less than
10 years together they separated
a result that wouldn't surprise the
researchers who in a recent survey of
three thousand couples found that the
more spent on a wedding the greater the
chance of divorce money makes life easy
being ultra rich I don't really know how
easy that is I'd like to see how long
those relationships last a dream wedding
becomes a nightmare marriage especially
fast for the bride who discovers her
groom is not the man she thought he was
a couple were set up and she went and
googled him and basically saw Slough
businesses net worths Rich List and I
said okay great
anyway they were married it was an
American you know a couple of weeks
anyway turned out that she'd googled the
wrong person and that there was another
person with exactly the same name who
did exactly the same there was a very
very common name
and time she found out that she'd
married the wrong guy she was married
here that marries in that's very long
problem to a successful fortune hunter
may want an early return on their
investment in in a relationship of
billionaires obviously all the hard work
happens before the marriage now in
ordinary marriages the relationship that
the courting is the fun bit you're in
love you're having a great time the work
comes in when you're getting married
what I think is different amongst the
billionaires and the super-rich
marriages is that that's when you stop
working you've got the bank account if
you walk away from the marriage you've
got what you wanted if you didn't want
the man in the first place why invest
any work into the relationship even the
wives who married for love do well to
live happily ever after sometimes
they'll discover their prince has turned
into a despot if you have financial
wealth you can really get into things
having to be a certain way there's that
old saying he who has the gold makes the
rules they can't understand
that's the we might give them about a
pound real say you can't do this and
what you mean you can't dislike it I do
anything I want is the price you know I
am massive universe when they're in the
office somebody thinks they're wonderful
when they go home you know what I think
they're just the same as they always
were the media crews all the rest of us
I've seen such something narcissism
amongst very rich men that they do
actually believe that they are
fascinating and as my husband often says
you know the richer the person the more
they think their their opinions are
valid the men that I've coached they are
people who are have everyone say yes to
them so I might just want to go hunting
and shooting today women have to fall
into line they expect you to be like
add-ons to their lifestyle so they're
there when they want them and they're
not there when they don't want them at
first
wealthy wives are happy to take a back
seat if they've got a chauffeur in the
front but the joys of luxury living have
their limits
if you have everything you have
housekeepers you have nannies you have
dog walkers you have personal trainers
and what do you do all day long the
women get to know how to amuse
themselves with shopping spa treatments
surgery
holidays girls night outs all the things
that women might like to do women are
not as happily employed during the day
as they think they will be just by
having access to these huge resources
and houses and and holidays and all the
rest of it they're not in themselves the
answer to the human beings deepest
longings one American survey found that
men with an income of over $300,000
would 10% more unfaithful than those
earning less than $35,000 so many a
wealthy wife will spend her time and his
money trying to postpone their sell-by
date the women know that their job is to
be entertaining and to look fabulous all
the time hence the rise in surgery so as
you get older you're an aging model so
hence you get the kind of wind tunnel
effect it's start happening and
eventually that runs out and then they
get a new model
and the amount of unfaithfulness not
just by men but by women is
extraordinary you have to take a lot if
you're the wife of somebody very much
powerful because you know he might have
mistresses and you have to be very cool
about that there's so much sex around
you I mean it's it's a completely
different world 42% of ultra
high-net-worth men will divorce so
there's almost a one in two chance of
success there isn't that real attempt to
be faithful and to try to do the best
they have an argument Rhys I get divorce
it it's it's a very sad action be honest
what I usually see is that nobody is
good enough things are not perfect
enough and I often feel like wow you
know it seems like if you had been
assertive and talked about it that it's
perhaps something that could have been
worked out the fact the matter is that
people do not make enough effort to save
their marriages if there are no
financial consequences to leaving that
relationship then you live coming up
when marriage breaks down and there's no
prenup divorce is the quickest way for
the super-rich to lose a fortune people
are going to fight a lot harder over a
hundred million dollars than they are
going to fight over a thousand dollars
the long-term consequences of going
through these very high conflict divorce
is should not be underestimated and one
super rich divorcee counts the cost I
think our marriage was a mistake
and I think we should have realized
sooner than later
huge money makes it hard for billionaire
to find the perfect partner but easy to
get rid of an imperfect wife you're
really rich is that bang bang bang it
says they can divorce like that they
have prenups they have mid nuts they
have post nuts they have all it's all
it's already all contractually arranged
they're just when when the rift happens
it can be executed quite fast
without a legal agreement divorce is
very bad news for billionaire bank
accounts the wealth itself amplifies the
problems I mean people are going to
fight a lot harder over a hundred
million dollars than they are going to
fight over a thousand dollars london's
divorce courts used to favor
billionaires awards were according to
need not about equal division of assets
then there was this massive sea change
in 2000 when white and white went to the
House of Lords which is now the Supreme
Court and the judges made it very clear
no distinction between homemaker and
breadwinner and the starting point for
division of assets would be 5050 at the
same time as that happened we had a
complete explosion in the wealth of
London bankers hedge fund managers
insurance lawyers accountants and all
the canopy that goes with it making huge
amounts of money miles miles more than
they used to make the wives of the
super-rich and their lawyers were the
new winners as London became the divorce
capital of the world there was a sense
that people were just sort of staying
married as passengers and they might be
lunching out and spending their days
having tennis coaches and having their
children cared for wall-to-wall by
nannies and then they sort of go off
with some dashing young lover and take
half of the fortune
one billionaire loser is Bernie
Eccleston CEO of the Formula One group
his strong views on the Equality of
women became clear in 2005 when he said
in relation to IndyCar racer Danica
Patrick you know I've got one of those
wonderful ideas women should be dressed
in white like all the other domestic
appliances for years later in 2009 the
British courts valued Slavic I his wife
of 23 years rather more highly and
awarded her 2.4 billion pounds around
half of Bernie's estimated fortune such
a watering Awards encourage discontented
wives the world over to flock to London
there are countries where if the case is
heard at home they'll get nothing a wife
will get nothing the consequences for a
wife who gets divorced in in a Muslim
country usually is that she gets nothing
or virtually nothing so there's a huge
stake so far as she's concerned in
getting a case heard here to have their
divorce case is heard in the UK foreign
wives need to prove their British
credentials specific instances that I've
seen have included you know ladies who
don't speak English buying theater
tickets to you know English language
production sending children under the
age of 10 to learn how to ride polo
ponies to study a fourteen-year-old with
summer flying lessons and sorry you know
in order to translate here these
children are becoming more English than
the English
when former Malaysian beauty queen
Pauline chai was divorcing the
multi-millionaire chairman of Laura
Ashley she claimed that keeping more
than 1,000 pairs of shoes in her heart
for Jura state proof the UK was her
permanent home but becoming British does
not always mean playing with a straight
bat I heard a great story of a friend
married to a super-rich Russian mogul
and their marriage was coming to an end
but she was a bit savvy about the
English court system so she went and
hired every single divorce lawyer in the
UK including Fiona Shackleton and
analysis and basically put them on
retainer when you put a lawyer on
retainer he is not allowed or she is not
allowed to act for the other side so by
that's kind of fairly dim-witted husband
talk about that hiring her lawyer there
were none left in England anyway she
walked out with one of the best divorce
packages I've ever seen and super-rich
men have a divorce tactic of their very
own
most of the super-rich become very
unsupervised you will find people who
were you know steel industrialists or
now they become schoolteachers overnight
and you become a schoolteacher for the
entire year you're getting divorced and
then you go back to being a steel
magnate so when you're divorcing you
only have ten thousand pounds salary and
that's that's the the new trick
not hiding your wealth under a bushel
results in astonishing divorce payouts
the top payout of all time was in 2014
Elena River lovely / wife of Russian
fertilizer king Dmitri reaped a bumper
harvest of 4.8 billion dollars more than
half of his estimated fortune of 8.8
billion but coming up on the inside
crack to smash this record is a divorce
payout that means oil tycoon Harold Hamm
is lining up to be the billionaire with
the biggest Ward to lose he's worth 20
point 2 billion and so even if his wife
Sue is awarded only a quarter of his
fortune she'll become the richest
divorce of all time they become on both
sides
utterly obsessed with the resultant
winning even if they're going to end up
with a lot anyway not getting the last
few million women may be entitled to
half their husband's money
but how much is he really worth if
somebody is absolutely determined to
have assets all over the world in a
network of companies and trusts it's
gonna be very hard to find them in July
2010 there was a court decision that
made this even harder Lisa Cheng s was
born in Tehran and arrived in London
when she was 13 she has always been
surrounded by wealth you know this world
is very colorful it's very attractive so
it's it's very easy for a beautiful girl
to want to be a part of it
in 2001 on the super rich party circuit
she met Vivian immerman he was a food
and drinks magnate known as the man from
Del Monte
he sold his stake in the fruit giant for
three hundred and eighty million pounds
in 1999 and two years later he became
Lisa's second husband so it was very
quick
it was very quick we didn't really have
time to get to know each other it's a
glamorous world it's easy to like it and
love it but you're not actually loving
the person you're loving the what comes
with it after living together in London
for seven years the couple separated I
think our marriage was a mistake and I
think we should have realized sooner
than later there's a lot more ties
between the father and his ex family so
one day I guess he must have woken up
and thought I want to go back home I
didn't feel like home to him Lisa's
marriage finally broke down in 2008 her
brothers became her main source of
support mr. Behrman shared an office
with the Chaney's brothers they took
view that they would see whether they
could find on his computer evidence that
he had more money than he was claiming
during the process of the divorce they
went about getting access to his
computer improperly and downloading
everything on it masses of documents it
wasn't one little bank account it was
everything
Lisa changies brothers were alleged by
mr. emmer man to have removed between
two hundred and fifty thousand and two
and a half million pages of documents
which they then handed on to lawyers for
use in the family proceedings while Lisa
sued for 120 million pounds Vivian emam
encounter sued for breach of confidence
the Court of Appeal were dealing with
the most spectacular example of
self-help that I think it's possible to
ever imagine and they said quite simply
and very boldly no not in our courts so
it has become far more difficult I think
for wives to quietly but
properly to have a look at their
husband's documents behind their back
wives had to be far more careful than
they used to be Lisa
still had a luxurious lifestyle and so
she decided to settle for 15 million
pounds it had been a five-year legal
fight and now with a new partner she
knows what it takes to live happily ever
after
marry for love not for money that's
really really best advice I can give for
the super-rich like the rest of us there
are no real winners in divorce the
long-term consequences of going through
these very high conflict divorce --is
should not be underestimated and
super-rich men rarely learn from past
mistakes they're reluctant to let go of
the arm Candide the trophy wife concept
and we see the super-rich coming to us
maybe having been divorced six or seven
times and yet again wanting a cloned the
previous relationship I always find it
quite curious somebody a man will marry
and then be taken to the cleaners and
then marry again and be taken to the
it's just I suppose every time they
think this time it will work the ideal
partner that you're looking for because
of the money that you've got is gonna
make it more difficult for you to
actually live a normal natural life
there are always going to be attractive
people making themselves available to
you if you're very rich with so many
temptations to overcome can the
super-rich ever find true love
true love is definitely possible if
you're very very rich but not if you
base your relationship on your status as
a rich person